Lusheng as a talented painter of millions of paintings
Why is it hanging in the painting room?
But it's all pictures of a girl
You are so unpredictable
This is based on my impression of my sister when she was a child
Presumably painted portraits of her at different ages
It seems that you care about your sister very much. Hmm.
I heard that your father
The most famous detective in the world
If only your father could help me find him
I can give you all these words for free
OK, I'll try.
Hello
Return home immediately
Little sister found it
There is news from Sawagawa that your sister has been found
younger sister
Brother will definitely prove it to you.
I can protect you
Ah!
Little sister brother has fulfilled his promise
Won the world championship
This time
I won't let anyone bully you anymore